docs: document Help Center RBAC access requirements (#271)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/authentication/editing-permissions.md

To bulk edit these permissions, use the checkboxes beside the resource name.
![edit-role-env-based.png](images/permissions/edit-role-env-based.png)

## Help Center

> Access to the [GameFabric Help Center](/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/glossary#gamefabric-help-center) is controlled through RBAC. Users must have the `HELPCENTER` permission to access the Help Center link in the GameFabric UI.

Reviewer: Why is `HELPCENTER` capitalized?

Author: because it is in the UI?
<img width="303" height="109" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7305a0a9-781f-494f-ab2f-b96553791ba3" />

Reviewer: That is just a stylistic element. If you refer to it with backticks I would suggest using the original value.

Author: how does the customer see the original value?
docs are mostly for the UI
we have no api docs for this, correct?

Reviewer 2: I agree, in that the stylistic choice to capitalise the resource groups in the UI is a poor choice, there are already  two other indicators that this is a "title"-kinda element, making them bold and to some extent the caret besides the label, particularly when API and other things handle that key all in lowercase. 

However, for documenting UI stuff, the capitalisation hardly makes a difference to the human eye, so either use `Helpcenter` here or even `Help center`, when not visually searching for it but using the browser seach (the container is a rather long list so it is probably more intuitive to search for it), the search results are for one case insensitive and since the description beneath already has the separated version, so the curser will jump there in any case.

Reviewer 2: Additionally, i'd refrain from using the inline code block here, and rather use italics, bold, or good old-fashioned quotation marks

> By default, this permission is included in the `default:help-center` role, and the `default:help-center` group is bound to that role. To grant Help Center access, either add users to this default group or assign the `HELPCENTER` permission to a custom role.

Reviewer 3: For clarity, I would add the same list here as in the glossary and forgo the paraphrasing.

```suggestion
Access to the [GameFabric Help Center](/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/glossary#gamefabric-help-center) is controlled through RBAC. Users must have the `HELPCENTER` permission to access the Help Center link in the GameFabric UI.

By default, this permission is included in the `default:help-center` role, and the `default:help-center` group is bound to that role. A User has access to the Help Center if one of the following is true:
- Is a member of the `default:help-center` group.
- Is in a group that is bound to the `default:help-center` role.
- Is in a group bound to any role that includes the `HELPCENTER` permission.
```
